fix sql/driver.Valuer interface usage (#1591)
ydb-platform/ydb-go-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

> * Fix - returned support of sql/driver.Valuer interfaces for params which passed to query using sql driver 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported of `database/sql/driver.Valuer` interfaces for params which passed to query using sql driver 
```
